- `inversion`
  Destruct hypothesis.
```coq
S n = 0
```
  If you use `inversion` for this, it reduce to contradiction and goal is proved.
- `unfold`
  Unfold definition.
```coq
not P = P -> bottom
```
- `split`
  You can use `split` tactics not only `and` but also a goal constructed with
  `C` of type `X1 -> X2 -> ... -> Xn -> P`. In that case, you can prove `P`
  by prove `X1, X2, ..., Xn`.
- `left`, `right`
  We can apply `left` and `right` tactics not only for a goal constructed with
  `or` but also any goal P constructed with two constructer C : X1 -> X2 -> ..
  -> Xn -> P and D : Y1 -> Y2 -> .. -> Ym -> P. We can choose C with `left` and
  D with `right`.
- SPC m s
  Find a theorem.
  - I want to seach by symbols.
- `eapply`
  This is alomost same with `apply` but it leave variables which it cannot
  specialize as existential variables.
- `generalize dependent`
  Generalize a variable which is declared in hypothesis.
- `induction`
  Induction on structures. Apply on hypothesis or variable.
- `rewrite`
  - Rewrite goal with the hypothesis.
  - Usually, it rewrite the left hand side with the right hand side.
    But you can vice versa with `rewrite <-`
  - Can rewrite other hypothesis `Ho` with `in Ho`.
- We can apply a term to a proposition which is generalized by forall.
- `subst`
- Want to know the type of the word under the cursor
  `SPC m ?`
- `destruct`
  Case analysis on a term which is defined using algebraic data type.
- `exists` `term`
  Tell the coq to use `term` in a proposition with existential.
- `destruct boolean`
  Case analysis on `boolean`
- We can proceed calculation with `unfold` and `fold`.
- `SPC m p`
  Print the definition
- `C-c C-a C-a`
  SearchAbout
- `Proof with auto` or `Proof with eauto`
  When you start your proof with `Proof with (tactic)`, you can use
  `(tactic)...` notation. This try to solve any subgoals generated by tactic by
  designated tactic. If it cannot solve, it just fails.
- `False_ind`
  forall P. P -> bottom
- You should induction on relation rather than induction on terms.
- `induction` forget some information on structured parameters
  Keep the information with `remember (condition) as C`
- `apply` with binding lists
  Use when `apply` cannot determine meta-variables in proposition.
  `apply free_in_context with (T := T) (Gamma := empty) in H5`
- `specialize`
  You can specialize a hypothesis with forall using `specialize` tactic.
